Insights
Improve image delivery Est savings of 429 KiB
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
		
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
		
	
		
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
		
LCP request discovery

Network dependency tree
	
	
	
	
Use efficient cache lifetimes Est savings of 30 KiB
	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
Render blocking requests
	
	
	
	
	
	
LCP breakdown
	
	
	
	
	
3rd parties
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
These insights are also available in the Chrome DevTools Performance Panel - record a trace to view more detailed information.
Diagnostics
Reduce unused CSS Est savings of 32 KiB
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Reduce unused JavaScript Est savings of 339 KiB
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Avoid long main-thread tasks 3 long tasks found
	
	
		
	
	
		
	
	
		
	
	
User Timing marks and measures 2 user timings
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Avoid non-composited animations 1 animated element found
	
	
	
More information about the performance of your application. These numbers don't directly affect the Performance score.
Passed audits (15)
Show

	
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
79
Accessibility
These checks highlight opportunities to improve the accessibility of your web app. Automatic detection can only detect a subset of issues and does not guarantee the accessibility of your web app, so manual testing is also encouraged.
Names and labels
Buttons do not have an accessible name
Links do not have a discernible name
Image elements do not have [alt] attributes that are redundant text.
These are opportunities to improve the semantics of the controls in your application. This may enhance the experience for users of assistive technology, like a screen reader.
Best practices
[user-scalable="no"] is used in the <meta name="viewport"> element or the [maximum-scale] attribute is less than 5.
Touch targets do not have sufficient size or spacing.
These items highlight common accessibility best practices.
Contrast
Background and foreground colors do not have a sufficient contrast ratio.
These are opportunities to improve the legibility of your content.
Additional items to manually check (10)
Show
These items address areas which an automated testing tool cannot cover. Learn more in our guide on conducting an accessibility review.
Passed audits (21)
Show
Not applicable (33)
Show
73
Best Practices
General
Uses third-party cookies 2 cookies found
Third-party cookies may be blocked in some contexts. Learn more about preparing for third-party cookie restrictions.
Name
	
URL
Vimeo
video
	
__cf_bm
	
/video/116…?badge=…(player.vimeo.com)
_cfuvid
	
/video/116…?badge=…(player.vimeo.com)
Issues were logged in the Issues panel in Chrome Devtools
Issues logged to the Issues panel in Chrome Devtools indicate unresolved problems. They can come from network request failures, insufficient security controls, and other browser concerns. Open up the Issues panel in Chrome DevTools for more details on each issue.
Issue type
Cookie
/video/116…?badge=…(player.vimeo.com)
User Experience
Displays images with incorrect aspect ratio
	
	
	
			
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Trust and Safety
Ensure CSP is effective against XSS attacks
	
	
		
Use a strong HSTS policy
	
	
		
Ensure proper origin isolation with COOP
	
	
		
Mitigate clickjacking with XFO or CSP
	
	
Mitigate DOM-based XSS with Trusted Types
	
	
